# Spoonshot_challenge by Harish Prasanna , ED21B027

SPOONSHOT REPORT
BY HARISH PRASANNA V, ED21B027
GITHUB REPO:
https://github.com/HarishPrasannaV/Spoonshot_challenge_ED21B0 27.git
1. Logic:
• I used an NLP library, “SpaCy”, to detect keywords such as adjectives and nouns as the article uses them generously to describe the dishes. And stored the keywords in a list.
• I checked the presence of the keywords in the ingredients used and ranked them in descending order based on the number of times different keywords appeared on the ingredient.
Output:
['Vegan Carob Chips', 'Vegan Chicken Strips', 'Vegan Chorizo', 'Vegan Marshmallow', 'Vegan Puff Pastry Sheet', 'Vegan Semisweet Chocolate Chips', 'Vegan White Cake', 'Chia Meal', 'Organic Maize', 'Organic Peruvian Groundcherry', 'Organic Tartar Cream', 'Munch Chocolate', 'Baby Abalone']
This list is ordered based on descending relevance.
Conclusion:
After going through the article, the ranked ingredient list appears to match my expectations.
2.
Logic:
An element in the output array is generated by multiplying all the elements in the input array, excluding the one present in the index corresponding to the output element.ut

  
 3.
a) As an intern, I want to gain much experience and meet new people from different backgrounds, be it social or economic, make new friends and acquire skills that I won't get without working in a well-established company. I want to learn many new things and apply them to contribute something meaningful to the company and customers. I want my code to run on some real-world projects and provide satisfaction to people.
b) Machine learning is a newly emerging field that can be applied across all areas and domains to solve problems we couldn't have earlier, and I want to understand it better and put it to good use. Also, ML is fun, and You get paid a lot :)
c) Given a PPO at Spoonshot, I would like to work on a problem involving customer data, as it constantly changes and poses a challenge and Solving it would hugely benefit the company.
